
baidu百度：
The present invention relates to an electronic household anti-loss device, which comprises a shell with adhesive fixed on the bottom of the shell, a pressure sensitive plate mounted on the inner top surface of the shell, a pressure sensitive plate mounted on the lower surface of the pressure sensitive plate with an equidistant array, a collector connected electrically with the collector, and an electric connection prompt bell of the collector; and a pressure sensitive plate mounted on the inner bottom surface of the shell. Fixed sheets are arranged parallel to and in front of the fixed sheets. The movable sheets are connected with the pressure sensitive plate through elastic wires, which can move back and forth on the side wall of the shell. In natural state, the elastic wires are in a tense state. The upper surface arrays of the movable sheets are arranged with convex points, each of which is positively paired with the pressure sensitive sheets. The household lost-proof device is compact in size and simple in structure. It can quickly find household items, save a lot of time and facilitate people's life.

google百度：
The invention relates to an electronic household anti-lost device. The electronic household anti-lost device comprises a casing, and a sticker is fixedly mounted on a bottom surface of the casing; and a pressure sensitive plate is mounted on an inner top surface of the casing. A pressure sensitive sheet is equidistantly arranged on the lower surface of the pressure sensitive plate, each of the pressure sensitive sheets is electrically connected to the current collector, and the current collector is electrically connected with a prompt bell; and a fixing piece is mounted on the inner bottom surface of the housing. Parallel and oppositely mounted on the fixing piece, a movable piece is connected, and the movable piece is connected to the pressure sensitive plate through an elastic wire, and the movable piece can reciprocally translate on a side wall of the casing; in a natural state, The elastic wire is in a tension state; the upper surface of the movable piece is arranged with a bump, and each of the bumps is directly opposite to each of the pressure sensitive sheets; the electronic household anti-lost device is small in size, Simple structure, able to quickly find items in the home, saving a lot of time and facilitating people's lives
